
# Rails

## RubyMine cannot find ActiveRecord

I first found out that I should install bundle again, but still not works.

And in [this post at SO](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/11418408/rubymine-rails-gem-not-found),

> You need to add ruby sdks

> In RubyMine from file -> settings -> ruby Sdk and Gems -> add sdk

Which solved my problem. The error was because I installed both rbenv and rvm, annd I chose sdk as rbenv while install the bundle using rvm.

## Parsing a JSON string in Ruby
By [SO], `JSON.parse(string)` does the job.

It return a Hash, and its usage is [here](https://ruby-doc.org/core-2.4.0/Hash.html).

## Getting list of attribute from list of objects
Referred to [SO](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16906922/iterate-over-array-of-objects-and-return-attributes),
```
 windows.map(&:device_serial)
```

## Remove a has\_many relation

Say we have a User who own a lot of windows, and a Window can only belong to a User at a time. Now user1 give the window to user2. We want to alter the ownership of the window.

I first tried to alter relation by `delete` and then `association=(new_owner)`. But it fails. The `RuntimeError` `Can't modify frozen hash` will pop out everytime.

The reason is that, by deleting, although I can still refer to `self`, if I call

```ruby

self.destroyed? # => true

```

and a destroyed object is frozen.

The correct way to do this is by setting a reverse association.

```ruby
# User
  has_many :windows,
    class_name: 'Window',
    dependent: :destroy,
    inverse_of: :user

# Window
  belongs_to :user,
    inverse_of: :windows

```


# Android

## Testing private method?

Not recommended to do so. Only public method needs to test. If you find the need to test private method, there might be a encapsulating problem in your class and you may like to reform it to make it testable via public method.

