

# Angular Controller testing 

Some points need attention:

- In karma.conf, put controller code's pass.

- To test a function from outside (Jasmine), the function should be defined in $scope. Normal function (can be thought as private?) is not available for testing.

- To make a validation function testable, the error message (exception object) should be return.

## Example 
```javascript
    function save() { ... }
```
can be change to 
```
    $scope.save = function () {
      var error = ErrorDialog.validate([
	  ...
	  if (error) {
        return error;
	  }
	}
```

after that
```javascript
      var controller = $controller('MyCtrller', {
		// inject services
      });

      var error = $scope.save();
      expect(error).toBeDefined();
      expect(error.code).toEqual('W11');
```

## Should I check if $scope.save is defined?

Not a bad idea but not necessary. After the controller is successfully initiated, $scope.save is defined naturally (unless you mistake the function's name!).

## Doing same job when testing similar controller?

It may be a good idea to extract duplicated codes into a js file just aside the controller testers. After you define functions there, it can be used to other controller testers.

for example, I would like to initialize $scope attributes before every testing, so I may put function

```javascript
function addAttr(obj, attributes) {
  for (var attr in attributes) {
    obj[attr] = attributes[attr];
  }
}
```

to a separate js file on the same directory of controller testers.

## Test only one time and exit

add `--single-run` in CLI to test only one time.

# Ruby scripting

It is really convenient to use Ruby to script (compare to Python), especially when it come to command line interaction.

## Put function as well as execution of function together

It might be better to write function and execution of it separately in script, but why not make life better by condensing them into one file?

This can be achieved by 
```ruby
def my_fn
	...
end

my_fn if __FILE__==$0
```

# Staging?

Under Wiki's [Deployment environment](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deployment_environment), 
:	Staging (STAGE) is a pre-production environment, for final testing immediately prior to deploying to production.

Another definition
:	ステージングとは、システムを公開する手前の段階で、実際にサービスを提供する環境（本番環境）とほぼ同じ環境にシステムを反映させ、動作や表示などの最終確認を行う段階、もしくは環境のことである。

It seems that understanding **Deployment Environment** is essential to understanding staging.
:	In software deployment, an environment or tier is a computer system in which a computer program or software component is deployed and executed.

To understand it, think of *Deployment Environment* as Earth's crust. *Tiers* exist, from *Local* (unpushed commits), *Development* (server), *Testing* (before merging to master), *Stage* (master branch), to *Production* (release-1.2.3).

# Move work from one branch to another 
[as explained in SO](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/556923/how-to-merge-my-local-uncommitted-changes-into-another-git-branch)

```git
git stash
git checkout branch2
git stash pop
```

can let you work on another branch first. 

No need to wait for your boss to check and merge your PR now! 






# References

[How to see all TODO tasks in Android Studio?](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/23384804/how-to-see-all-todo-tasks-in-android-studio)

[Conflict Resolution Tool](https://www.jetbrains.com/help/idea/2016.3/resolving-conflicts.html) is a great tool when merging.

there is [a shortcut to tell Git to push the current tracking branch to origin.](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14031970/git-push-current-branch-shortcut)

